Merge branches, remove server prefixes, add my new sharder. (#7)
dbm-network/custom-files: Bot Sharder/README.md

**NOTE: Do not use this unless your bot is in over 2000 guilds, there is no point if its below, it uses more resources, and will probally break commands that you already use**

# DBM Mods Bot Sharding

**Allows your bot created by Discord Bot Maker to take advantage of sharding!**

Installation
====

> Download the [ZIP file here](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/TheMonDon/custom-files/blob/master/Bot%20Sharder/sharded-bot.js) and extract the file to your Bot Base Folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [ZIP file here](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/dbm-network/custom-files/blob/master/Bot%20Sharder/sharded-bot.js) and extract the file to your Bot Base Folder.
```

Your Bot folder should look like this:

![shard](https://i.imgur.com/sHqbJjV.png)

Running
====

Once those are in the folder, up at the top where the path is, select everything in there and type cmd and press enter:
![cmd](https://i.imgur.com/XWKxwob.png)

In the command window that opens, type `node sharded-bot.js`. It should look somewhat similar to this.
![node](https://i.imgur.com/AKuzOrR.png)

> If you want to run it with a linux terminal then instead of running it with `bot node.js` you run it `node sharded-bot.js` if you want to provide a different shard count its `node sharded-bot.js shard_count=3` if you wanted 3 shards ( This is usually not needed unless your bot is in 5000 guilds.  )

Reviewer: `bot node.js` huh? Besides, this phrase could use some rewording

Author: Didn't see that, was wrex's doings. Just left it

**NOTE: Do not use this unless your bot is in over 2000 guilds, there is no point if its below, it uses more resources, and will probally break commands that you already use**

# DBM Mods Bot Sharding

**Allows your bot created by Discord Bot Maker to take advantage of sharding!**

Installation
====

> Download the [ZIP file here](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/dbm-network/custom-files/blob/master/Bot%20Sharder/sharded-bot.js) and extract the file to your Bot Base Folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [ZIP file](https://downgit.github.io/#/home?url=https://github.com/dbm-network/custom-files/blob/master/Bot%20Sharder/sharded-bot.js) and extract the file to your bot folder.
```

Your Bot folder should look like this:

![shard](https://i.imgur.com/sHqbJjV.png)

Running
====

Once those are in the folder, up at the top where the path is, select everything in there and type cmd and press enter:
![cmd](https://i.imgur.com/XWKxwob.png)

> In the command window that opens, type `node sharded-bot.js`. It should look somewhat similar to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Command Prompt window that opens, type `node sharded-bot.js`. It should look somewhat similar to this.
```

![node](https://i.imgur.com/AKuzOrR.png)

> If you are running on linux replace `node bot.js` with `node sharded-bot.js`.

Reviewer: The last phrase doesn't make sense. However, since their bot is, in theory, in over 2000 guilds they should already know how to run it using cmd, so the part above telling them how to open cmd can probably be removed, and this part can be simplified

If you want to provide a different shard count add `shard_count=[number]` after `node sharded-bot.js`; ex. `node sharded-bot.js shard_count=3`.

> The default shard_count parameter is set to auto (determined by discord.js), you can usually leave this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `shard_count` parameter is set to `auto` (determined by discord.js), which is fine for most bots.
```

> **If you want to do anything across shards.  You will need to use** [`client.shard.broadCastEval()`](https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/stable/class/ShardClientUtil?scrollTo=broadcastEval)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you want to do anything across shards you will need to use** [`client.shard.broadCastEval()`](https://discord.js.org/#/docs/main/stable/class/ShardClientUtil?scrollTo=broadcastEval)
```
